---
title: 'Want to (web) develop your career with us?'
slug: 'want-to-work-for-neontribe'
image: null
featured: 0
page: 0
status: 'published'
language: 'en_US'
meta_title: null
meta_description: null
author_id: 1
created_at: '2019-08-19T13:51:43.000Z'
created_by: 2
updated_at: '2019-08-19T09:48:19.000Z'
updated_by: 1
published_at: '2019-08-19T09:31:41.000Z'
published_by: 21
visibility: 'public'
mobiledoc: null
amp: null
author_name: 'Neontribe'
author_slug: 'neontribe'
author_image: 'images/2019/03/neonround.png'
author_cover: null
author_facebook: null
author_twitter: null
---

##Want to (web) develop your career with us?  

We're a software development company working on web user interfaces and the APIs that power them. We've got a national reputation for our work in tech-for-good, an international reputation in travel and tourism, and right now we have more and more work coming our way.  

Right now, we’re recruiting to fill a specific role in our Norwich team. However, we’re also always on the look out for people who would make our teams stronger, so if this doesn’t suit you please see the information at the end.

##Working mainly in HTML/CSS and Javascript  

You'll have a flair for implementing user interfaces using web technologies. You'll fully understand that what you are designing are interactions, on screens that vary in size, not fixed images on a fixed canvas and enjoy producing interfaces that respond to user needs. Your tools will be HTML, CSS and Javascript and you’ll be passionate about how they work together. If you’re familiar with React, that would be an advantage. You’ll know how to work in a team with several developers and you may already have led some projects or project elements and will be keen to do more team leading.

##Alongside your core technical skills if you join us you’ll also need to:

- Be comfortable communicating in a remote team;
- Enjoy taking part in conversations in technical subjects;
- Be able to demonstrate that you enjoy expanding your knowledge and thinking critically (this can be via a degree, but 1/3rd of our team members don’t have one, so doesn’t have to be);
- Value agility in software development (experience of working in an agile environment is an advantage but not essential)
- Be passionate about accessibility
- Be keen to work in an organisation that delivers both commercial and social good projects
- Be inspired by user-centred development (even if you don’t have practical experience of this approach)
- Be committed to taking part in team activities and individual learning

##What this role is not:  
  
This is not a beginner role. You’ll need to have worked in coding teams on established projects and have well-developed skills in the appropriate languages. You’ll also need to be able to show how your work experience to date equips you both for communicating with a remote team and getting your head down to get on with the task.

##What this role is:  
  
A great opportunity for growth and enjoyment. Neontribe prides itself on skills development, great training budgets, flexible working, part-time hours and supporting return to work and other initiatives to help you enjoy your work. You’ll be stepping into the shoes of a developer who taught herself to code while she was working in retail and banking and then spent 3 years at Neontribe before heading to London as a front end developer for a major fashion brand.

##Salary  

We’d expect to pay in the region of £24,786.00 - £29,532.00 for this role.

To Apply  

Send us your CV, or a list of skills and relevant experience, and we’ll arrange to set up a chat. We will interview anyone with the right skill set when we hear from them, so we advise getting your application in as soon as possible: future@neontribe.co.uk

##Want to work with us, but don’t fit this role?  

We’re always happy to hear from people who like the sound of Neontribe, and want to grow their skills as a developer, or in user research or product management. Perhaps you can’t commit to Norwich based role but would rather work in our Exeter office or remotely. Maybe you’re already experienced, but in different specialist languages, or maybe you're just getting started. If you have an eagerness to learn more and want to be part of a great company contact us with a short description of the skills you have and the skills you want to gain and we’ll let you know if we think there’s a place for us to start talking.

