---
title: 'Want to help folk who need it most?'
slug: 'hiring-to-help-folk'
image: null
featured: 0
page: 0
status: 'published'
language: 'en_US'
meta_title: null
meta_description: null
author_id: 1
created_at: '2021-7-09T13:25:43.000Z'
created_by: 1
published_by: 21
visibility: 'public'
mobiledoc: null
amp: null
author_name: 'Neontribe'
author_slug: 'neontribe'
author_image: 'images/2019/03/neonround.png'
author_cover: null
author_facebook: null
author_twitter: null
---

##WWant to help us help folk who need it most?

We're a software development company working on web user interfaces and the APIs that power them. We've got a national reputation for our work in tech-for-good, and we have more and more work coming our way.

Right now, we’re recruiting to fill a specific role in our team. However, we’re also always on the look out for people who would make our teams stronger, so if this doesn’t suit you please see the information at the end.

##WWorking in software development

You’ll be joining a team working on an established ISO27001 certified project for a valued client with an existing development process. It’s a great opportunity for growth and enjoyment. Neontribe prides itself on skills development, flexible working, part-time hours and supporting return to work and other initiatives to help you enjoy your work. You’ll get 34 days holiday (including bank holidays and a company break midwinter), and £1,000 a year to spend on training. If you like working in an office, we're based in Norwich and Exeter. If you don't, we've been working remotely for years and were very used to doing so. 

##WWorking mainly in PHP

We're looking for someone with demonstrable experience of developing software which treats its users' data with the utmost respect. You'll need to be able to speak knowledgeably about security issues, and spot problems before they arise. If you've experience of modern web application development methods and tools that would be helpful, but we aren't looking for a 'full-stack developer'.

Alongside your core technical skills if you join us you’ll also need to:
- Be comfortable communicating in a remote team, working around core hours of 10am to 4pm UK time;
- Enjoy taking part in conversations in technical subjects;
- Be able to demonstrate that you enjoy expanding your knowledge and thinking critically (this can be via a degree, but 1/3rd of our team members don’t have one, so doesn’t have to be);
- Value agility in software development (experience of working in an agile environment is an advantage but not essential);
- Help champion accessibility throughout our work;
- Be keen to work in an organisation that delivers both commercial and social good projects;
- Be inspired by user-centred development (even if you don’t have practical experience of this approach);
- Be committed to taking part in team activities and learning on your own.

##What this role is not:

This is not a beginner role. You’ll need to have worked in coding teams on established projects and have well-developed skills. You’ll also need to be able to show how your work experience to date equips you both for communicating with a remote team and getting your head down to get on with the task.

##Salary

We’d expect to pay in the region of £31k-£36k for this role.

##To Apply

Send us your CV, or a list of skills and relevant experience, and we’ll arrange to set up a chat. We will interview anyone with the right skill set when we hear from them, so we advise getting your application in as soon as possible: future@neontribe.co.uk

##Want to work with us, but don’t fit this role?

We’re always happy to hear from people who like the sound of Neontribe, and want to grow their skills as a developer, or in user research or product management. Maybe you’re already experienced, but in different specialist languages, or maybe you're just getting started. If you have an eagerness to learn more and want to be part of a great company contact us with a short description of the skills you have and the skills you want to gain and we’ll let you know if we think there’s a place for us to start talking.
